[Music]
okay heads up what tastes better than it
smells
what flies without wings doesn't have
lungs but needs air if you think you
know the answers to these questions
welcome to the riddle quits get at least
half of them right and you can consider
yourself a true logical thinker number
one on a sunny window stay a ship was in
the harbor there were many people on the
shore looking at the vessel suddenly the
ship started to sink fast there was
nothing wrong with it there was no storm
and the skies were blue and yet the ship
went down in front of the spectators
what happened nothing unexpected the
submarines captain just ordered the crew
to dive too he has won a human has to a
citizen has three population has four
and personality boasts five what am I
talking about
[Music]
syllables three why is it so easy to
weigh fish because they have scales yeah
four if you take your friends to the
movies and you're paying what's cheaper
to invite to friends at the same time or
to invite one friend twice it'll cost
you less to invite two friends at once
this way you'll only have to buy three
tickets if you invite one friend twice
you'll pay for four tickets five you're
playing ping-pong when your last ball
falls into a one foot deep narrow metal
pipe embedded in the concrete floor how
can you get the ball out of the pipe if
all you have is your paddle a bottle of
water and your shoelaces
[Music]
pour the water from your bottle into the
hole and the ball will rise to the
surface 6 I'm a number I have a couple
of friends quarter a dozen and you'll
find me again what number am i three if
you need more time to think a riddle
over you can always pause the video it
won't be counted as cheating I promise
7 take away my first letter but I remain
unchanged rid me of my last letter I'm
still the same remove all of my letters
and I'm still me what am i I'm a mail
carrier 8 a boy was 12 on his last
birthday and will be 14 on his next
birthday how is it possible
[Music]
today's his 13th birthday 9 it can fly
but has no wings it can cry but has no
eyes wherever it goes
darkness follows what is it it's a cloud
10 in the land of green glass doors
there are books but no words riddles but
no answers sheets but no blankets
cherries but no oranges
can you name something else you can find
in the land of glass green doors any
word that has double letters in it 11 I
have one and you have one if you remove
the first letter a bit is still there
remove the second the bit remains try
again and remove the third but it still
stays what is it we have
[Music]
habit 12 I'm not alive but I can grow I
don't have lungs but I need air Boyd mi
[Music]
fire 13 it took seven years to build the
world's tallest skyscraper every year
the builders managed to double its
height how many years did it take the
skyscraper to reach half its maximum
height six years
if the constructors doubled the
building's height every year the
skyscraper had to be half its final
height a year before o is completed 14
which English word has three consecutive
double letters
[Music]
bookkeeper 15 which letter of the
alphabet contains the most water the see
I like that one 16 they can be long and
they can be short they can be grown and
they can be bought they can be painted
or they can be left bare they can be
round they can be square what are they
[Music]
fingernails 17 which starts with T ends
with T and as T inside a teapot
18 when you have it you want to share
but if you share it you don't have it
anymore what is it it's a secret Shh 19
what kind of cup doesn't hold water
[Music]
cupcake 20 be careful if you eat me my
sender will eat you what am i and what
are you I'm a hook and you're a careless
fish 21 the more of them you take the
more you leave behind what am I talking
about footsteps 22 it's lighter than air
but hundreds of people can't carry it
what is it it's a bubble 23 what do you
throw out when you need it and take in
when you don't use it
[Music]
an anchor you know like on a boat 24
what did the thief get for stealing a
calendar 12 months 25 divide 30 by 1
over 2 and add 10 what will you get the
correct answer is 70 most people divide
30 by to add 10 and get 25 but when you
divide a number by a fraction you should
actually multiply it by the denominator
the number below the line this way 30
times 2 plus 10 equals 70 26 there are
two in the corner but one in the room
zero in a house but one in a shelter
what is it
[Music]
the litter r-27 you can hear it but you
can't touch it and still you can control
it what is it
[Music]
it's your voice just silly puss on you
28 there's a low railroad bridge in your
town with a car tunnel under it one day
you see a large truck sitting right in
front of the tunnel and a confused
driver walking around you come up to him
and ask what happened it turns out that
the truck is just a couple of inches
taller than the allowed height so if he
drives inside the truck will get stuck
unfortunately that's the only way to the
drivers destination how can he get
through the tunnel he has to let air out
of the tires it'll make the truck lower
twenty-nine it's where yesterday follows
today and tomorrow is in the middle what
is it
[Music]
it's a dictionary 30 even though you can
often see me in the water I never get
wet what am i I'm a reflection 31 add me
to myself and multiply by 4 then divide
me by 8 and you'll have me once again
what number am I it's literally any
number 32 what tastes better than it
smells
[Music]
your tongue
33 John ordered a fishing rod they cost
him five bucks the only problem is that
he lives in a country with very strict
import rules they prohibit any objects
that are longer than three feet but
John's new fishing rod is a bit bigger
than that three feet and three inches
long
how can it be mailed to the man in one
piece without breaking the rules the
fishing rod can be put in a box that's
three feet on all sides then the rod
will easily fit within the diagonal of
the box with room to spare
34 what does no one want a half but if
they have it they don't want to lose it
[Music]
it's a lawsuit 35 I have hands and I
wave at you but not to say goodbye it's
cool for you to be with me when I tell
you hi what am i I'm a fan 36
why are teddy bears never hungry
[Music]
because they're stuffed yeah 37 it's the
only human organ that named itself what
is it it's the brain 38 you need to send
a valuable object to a friend
you can't mail it in an unlock box
because the thing will get stolen you
put the object in a box and lock it but
your friend doesn't have the key to this
lock how can you send this valuable
object if you aren't allowed to send the
key to the lock separately send a
lockbox to your friend they'll attach
their own lock and send the box back to
you you'll remove your lock and send the
parcel again your friend will remove
their own lock and finally open the box
wow that's a lot of shipping charges
thirty-nine one woman could only use a
public telephone to make calls one day
the phone broke she informed the phone
company but they did nothing
the next day she came there again and
said something the day after that the
phone was fixed what did she say
[Music]
she said that people were making calls
without paying for tea I'm a fruit
I'm tasty and sweet and can give you a
lot of energy you'll find me in a
calendar as well
what am i a date and with that we're all
done how'd you do well done hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life